[doc] Add a CI check for the doc being properly generated (#6736)
pylint-dev/pylint: doc/development_guide/contributor_guide/contribute.rst

  For more information on how to use our test suite and write new tests see :ref:`testing`.

- ``pylint`` uses black_ and isort_ among other Python auto-formatters.

  We have pre-commit hooks which should take care of the autoformatting for

>   you. To enable it, do the following:
> 
>     * install ``pre-commit`` using ``pip install pre-commit``
> 

Author: ```suggestion
  you. To enable it, run ``pre-commit install --install-hooks -t pre-push -t pre-commit`` in the ``pylint`` root
  directory.
```

>     * then run ``pre-commit install --install-hooks -t pre-push -t pre-commit`` in the ``pylint`` root
>       directory to enable the git hooks.

Author: ```suggestion
```

  For more information on how to use our test suite and write new tests see :ref:`testing`.

- ``pylint`` uses black_ and isort_ among other Python auto-formatters.

  We have pre-commit hooks which should take care of the autoformatting for

>   you. To enable it, run ``pre-commit install --install-hooks -t pre-push -t pre-commit`` in the ``pylint`` root directory.

Reviewer: If this is opt-in, then I guess it's alright. Daniel and I can opt-out. :D

Author: It's launched just before pushing not for every commit. I could also limit what trigger the check.
